feat(curriculum): Add A1 Spanish Module The Alphabet and Special Characters (#62719)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-vowels/68e6f57272e3a55b84653033.md

---
id: 68e6f57272e3a55b84653033
title: Task 2
challengeType: 24
dashedName: task-2
---

# --description--

This audio has the sounds of the five vowels in Spanish. Listen to them and practice repeating them until you feel more familiar with their sounds.

# --assignment--

> Listen to the vowels and practice repeating them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've listened to the vowels and practiced repeating them.
```
